Project-Timmies
===============

CSC318 Group 7

Prototype Descriptionn:

The prototype we created is a web extension designed to help users organize and find housing easier. So in index.html, you can see the sidebar of the extension which will allow users to go to a house they find on a website such as Kijiji and use the extension to calculate the commute time for example. If the user clicks on listings, they will see a list of ads that have been posted recently that match the user’s filters or any ads the user has bookmarked by clicking the star icon on an ad or in the sidebar. This will be useful because we plan to show ads from all different websites so that the user can see more options easily. Within each posted ad, a user can see the most important information such as the location, the price and the commute time. A user will also be able to see the original ad if they click on the link but they can see other information that will not be posted on the original ad using our extension. The four icons at the bottom of each ad show a popup bar containing other information that may be good to know such as reviews, walkscore, safety and more pictures. This information will be automatically generated based on the information from the original ad and from external sources. The main sidebar also shows the same popup bars for a listing that has been parsed. Lastly, the main sidebar shows rental information and provides foreign students with general information, a useful guide and typical rental agreement terms. This prototype is designed to be a foreign student's "one-stop destination" for housing. 
